[CTOR-1090] Refresh network-routers-peplink-balance-snmp doc page (#3793)
centreon/centreon-documentation: pp/integrations/plugin-packs/procedures/network-routers-peplink-balance-snmp.md

id: network-routers-peplink-balance-snmp
title: Peplink Balance
---
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

## Pack assets

### Templates

The Monitoring Connector **Peplink Balance** brings a host template:

* **Net-Peplink-Balance-SNMP-custom**

The connector brings the following service templates (sorted by the host template they are attached to):

<Tabs groupId="sync">
<TabItem value="Net-Peplink-Balance-SNMP-custom" label="Net-Peplink-Balance-SNMP-custom">

| Service Alias | Service Template                       | Service Description                                                                                                                                  |
|:--------------|:---------------------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Cpu           | Net-Peplink-Balance-Cpu-SNMP-custom    | Check the rate of utilization of CPU for the equipment. This check can give the average CPU utilization rate and the rate per CPU for multi-core CPU |

> | Memory        | Net-Peplink-Balance-Memory-SNMP-custom | Check the rate of the utilization of memory                                                                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Memory        | Net-Peplink-Balance-Memory-SNMP-custom | Check the rate of memory utilization                                                                                                          |
```

> The services listed above are created automatically when the **Net-Peplink-Balance-SNMP-custom** host template is used.

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Not attached to a host template" label="Not attached to a host template">

| Service Alias              | Service Template                                           | Service Description                                                                          |
|:---------------------------|:-----------------------------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Packet-Errors-Generic-Id   | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check packets on errors/discards of a network interface                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors-Generic-Id   | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom   | Check packets in error/discarded from a network interface                                      |
```

> | Packet-Errors-Generic-Name | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom | Check packets on errors/discards of a network interface                                      |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors-Generic-Name | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom | Check packets in error/discarded from a network interface                                      |
```

> | Packet-Errors-Global       | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check packets on errors/discards of multiple network interfaces                              |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Packet-Errors-Global       | Net-Peplink-Balance-Packet-Errors-Global-SNMP-custom       | Check packets in error/discarded from a network interface                              |
```

> | Traffic-Generic-Id         | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom         | Check the bandwidth of the interface. For each checks the name of the interface will appear  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Generic-Id         | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Generic-Id-SNMP-custom         | Check the bandwidth of the interface. For each check the name of the interface will appear  |
```

> | Traffic-Generic-Name       | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom       | Check the bandwidth of the interface. For each checks the name of the interface will appear  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Generic-Name       | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Generic-Name-SNMP-custom       | Check the bandwidth of the interface. For each check the name of the interface will appear  |
```

> | Traffic-Global             | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom             | Check the bandwidth of interfaces. For each checks the name of the interface will appear     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Traffic-Global             | Net-Peplink-Balance-Traffic-Global-SNMP-custom             | Check the bandwidth of interfaces. For each check the name of the interface will appear     |
```

| Metric name                                               | Unit  |
|:----------------------------------------------------------|:------|
| *interface_name*#status                                   | N/A   |
| *interface_name*#interface.packets.in.discard.percentage  | %     |
| *interface_name*#interface.packets.in.error.percentage    | %     |
| *interface_name*#interface.packets.out.discard.percentage | %     |
| *interface_name*#interface.packets.out.error.percentage   | %     |

> Applies to the following service templates: Packet-Errors-Generic-Id, Packet-Errors-Generic-Name, Packet-Errors-Global

</TabItem>
<TabItem value="Traffic-*" label="Traffic-*">

| Metric name                                          | Unit  |
|:-----------------------------------------------------|:------|
| *interface_name*#status                              | N/A   |
| *interface_name*#interface.traffic.in.bitspersecond  | b/s   |
| *interface_name*#interface.traffic.out.bitspersecond | b/s   |

> Applies to the following service templates: Traffic-Generic-Id, Traffic-Generic-Name, Traffic-Global

</TabItem>
</Tabs>

## Prerequisites

### SNMP Configuration

> The SNMP service must be configured and activated on the host. Please refer to the official documentation from the manufacturer/publisher.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SNMP agent must be configured and activated on the host. Please refer to the official documentation from the manufacturer/publisher.
```
